For the Tasks bellow create a new Maven Project, use the latest topics you have learned, like Page Object Modeling, singleton Driver class.
Share your project on GitHub, create a commit history. Also for each different task create a branch, then merge it when the task is over. (Optional; share you project Github Link at Tasks and Solutions Channel on Discord.)

Task 1: The task consists on the next steps:
1.	Go to https://www.amazon.com
2.	Search for "hats for men" (Call from Configuration.properties file)
3.	Add the first hat appearing to Cart with quantity 2
4.	Open cart and assert that the total price and quantity are correct
5.	Reduce the quantity from 2 to 1 in Cart for the item selected in the step 3
6.	Assert that the total price and quantity has been correctly changed
The goal of this test is to check if you are able to automate a test of a given
website, but we'd like you to also demonstrate the coding quality, structure, and style of the deliverables.

Task 2:
1. Navigate to: https://moneygaming.qa.gameaccount.com/
2. Click the JOIN NOW button to open the registration page
3. Select a title value from the dropdown
4. Enter your first name and surname in the form
5. Check the tick box with text 'I accept the Terms and Conditions and certify that I am over
the age of 18.'
6. Submit the form by clicking the JOIN NOW button
7. Validate that a validation message with text ‘ This field is required’ appears under the date of
birth box




Task 3
Application under test : http://zero.webappsecurity.com/
Login credentials:
Username = “username”
Password = “password”
Login Feature
Only authorized users should be able to login to the application. When user logs in
with valid credentials, Account summary page should be displayed.
Users with wrong username or wrong password should not be able to login. Users
with blank username or password should also not be able to login. When user tries
to login with invalid information, error message “Login and/or password are wrong.”
should be displayed.
Account summary Feature
Account summary page should have the title Zero – Account summary. Account
summary page should have to following account types: Cash Accounts, Investment
Accounts, Credit Accounts, Loan Accounts. Credit Accounts table must have columns
Account, Credit Card and Balance.
Account Activity Feature
Account Activity page should have the title Zero – Account activity.
In the Account drop down default option should be Savings. Account drop down
should have the following options: Savings, Checking, Loan, Credit Card, Brokerage.
Transactions table should have column names Date, Description, Deposit,
Withdrawal.
NOTE: After you log in add extra step to refresh OR back method with Selenium to overcome security alert message.
In all test cases do the verifications with TestNG
